“I’ll ask you one more time. Will you marry him or not?!” A cold and harsh male voice echoed through the living room.

Sandra Hill blinked, looking up at the man.

It was her second brother, Kyle Hill, the president of Hill Group.

Dressed in a silver-gray suit, he looked sharp and energetic. However, his face was twisted with fury and hatred.

Sandra felt aggrieved. “I…”

“You don’t need to make excuses! You two were switched at birth, and you were raised in the mountains for twenty-two years. But when Emily found out, she didn’t feel any jealousy. Instead, she went with us to bring you back. But what did you do?” His voice grew sharper with each word.

“Emily treated you so well, yet you opened the car door and pushed her out! Luckily, the car wasn’t going fast, or else Emily would’ve died!”

“You’re so wicked. It’s only right that you marry that vegetative man in place of Emily into the Cooper family!”

Sandra’s heart ached deeply.

“Wicked?” Was that how her own brother saw her?

She turned to look at him. The white silk ruffled collar gently moved. The small patch of fair skin on her neck emphasized her bloodshot eyes.

Indeed, she had been raised in the mountains by her master for more than twenty years. But her master treated her well and taught her various skills. She was deeply grateful and had never harbored any resentment towards anyone.

Three days ago, there was still a month until Emily Hill’s wedding to Wesley Cooper. The Hill family suddenly arrived at the mountain, claiming that Sandra was the true daughter of the Hill family.

Even her master had said that she should come down the mountain to accept her fate. Reluctantly, she descended.
When she returned to the Hill Villa, Emily deliberately sat in the same car with her.

As the car started moving, Emily suddenly opened the door and jumped out.

Shortly after, her brothers stood in front of the car, accusing her of attempted murder.

If Emily hadn’t been unconscious and needed immediate medical attention, Sandra might have been taken to the police station and charged on the spot.

For the past three days, she had explained countless times.

But her brothers didn’t believe a word and accused her of slandering Emily.

And recently, the Hill family’s liquid assets had faced some problems.

The only solution was to marry Sandra into the Cooper family, as the Coopers had promised to give the Hill family 50 million dollars.

Only then did she understand one thing:

Her family didn’t care about her at all.

They only brought her back because Emily didn’t want to marry a vegetative man! It was pointless to say anything more.

“Will you marry him or not?!”

Kyle angrily grabbed a teacup and forcefully smashed it on the ground.

The shards splattered onto Sandra’s ankle, piercing her skin. Fresh blood dripped onto the ground.

“Fine,” Sandra smirked in disappointment, “but I have a condition.”

“Humph, you’re insatiable. I’ll discuss your dowry with Gary.”

“It’s not about the dowry.”

Sandra’s heart was already numb from the pain, so her expression didn’t change.

“I want to go to the hospital to see Emily.”

Kyle’s anger dissipated, and he looked at her with suspicion.

“Do you still want to harm Emily?”

“Yes. Will you dare to let me?”